---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nsx-intervlan-routing_segment_port Data Source - nsx-intervlan-routing"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get a segment port by segment_id and vm_name.
---

# nsx-intervlan-routing_segment_port (Data Source)

Get a segment port by segment_id and vm_name.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `segment_id` (String) Identifier for this segment.
- `vm_name` (String) Name of the VM that this segment is associated with.

### Optional

- `segment_port` (Attributes) The segment port definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--segment_port))

<a id="nestedatt--segment_port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_port`

Optional:

- `address_bindings` (Attributes List) List of IP address bindings. Only required when creating a CHILD port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--segment_port--address_bindings))
- `admin_state` (String) Admin state of the segment port. Can only be UP or DOWN values.
- `attachment` (Attributes) Attachment object definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--segment_port--attachment))
- `description` (String) Description of segment port
- `display_name` (String) Display name of segment port
- `id` (String) Id of segment port. Can be the same as display_name.
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type of segment port. Can only be set to 'SegmentPort'

<a id="nestedatt--segment_port--address_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_port.address_bindings`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address of segment port
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of segment port
- `vlan_id` (String) VLAN ID associated with this segment port


<a id="nestedatt--segment_port--attachment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_port.attachment`

Optional:

- `app_id` (String) Application ID associated with this port. Can be the same as the display name. Only required when type is CHILD.
- `context_id` (String) Attachment UUID of the PARENT port. Only required when type is CHILD.
- `id` (String) VIF UUID in NSX. Required if type is PARENT.
- `traffic_tag` (String) VLAN ID to tag traffic with. Only required when type is CHILD.
- `type` (String) Type of attachment. Case sensitive. Can be either PARENT or CHILD.
