---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nsx-intervlan-routing_segment_port Resource - nsx-intervlan-routing"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a segment port.
---

# nsx-intervlan-routing_segment_port (Resource)

Manage a segment port.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `port_id` (String) Identifier for this port.
- `segment_id` (String) Identifier for this segment.
- `segment_port` (Attributes) The segment port definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--segment_port))

<a id="nestedatt--segment_port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_port`

Required:

- `admin_state` (String) Admin state of the segment port. Can only be UP or DOWN values.
- `attachment` (Attributes) Attachment object definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--segment_port--attachment))
- `display_name` (String) Display name of segment port
- `id` (String) Id of segment port. Can be the same as display_name.
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type of segment port. Can only be set to 'SegmentPort'

Optional:

- `address_bindings` (Attributes List) List of IP address bindings. Only required when creating a CHILD port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--segment_port--address_bindings))
- `description` (String) Description of segment port

Read-Only:

- `parent_path` (String) Parent path of segment port
- `path` (String) Path of segment port
- `relative_path` (String) Relative path of segment port

<a id="nestedatt--segment_port--attachment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_port.attachment`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of attachment. Case sensitive. Can be either PARENT or CHILD.

Optional:

- `allocate_addresses` (String) Indicate how IP will be allocated for the port. Enum: IP_POOL, MAC_POOL, BOTH, DHCP, DHCPV6, SLAAC, NONE
- `app_id` (String) Application ID associated with this port. Can be the same as the display name. Only required when type is CHILD.
- `context_id` (String) Attachment UUID of the PARENT port. Only required when type is CHILD.
- `id` (String) VIF UUID in NSX. Required if type is PARENT.
- `traffic_tag` (Number) VLAN ID to tag traffic with. Only required when type is CHILD.


<a id="nestedatt--segment_port--address_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_port.address_bindings`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address of segment port
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of segment port
- `vlan_id` (String) VLAN ID associated with this segment port
